Who is it?
He is the thief who took the Shushan Realm
It's a foreigner from Shushan
In mastering the many passages of Shushan Mountain, I have witnessed it with my own eyes
He wants to steal Mount Shu
See two of them
Fatty minister, it's not enough for you to lure wolves into the house
Do you still want to take our Shushan to be buried together?
Qi Yunruo really wants to steal Shushan
I won't save you many times at all
Shameless betrayal of Jianzong
And the face to insult others
What do you know?
Lord of Shushan
The Sword Emperor's Treasure
He's just using you
Treasure what treasure
Why haven't I heard of it?
Don't play dumb.
Tang Zichen use your brain to think about it
He is such a master
If not for the Sword Emperor's treasure
How could he pretend to be a beggar and sneak into Shushan?
The reason why he saved you
It's because no one in Shu Mountain can open the treasure
He will kill you when the treasure is opened